Review architecture azure messaging (#7525)
Particular/docs.particular.net: architecture/azure/messaging.md

### When to use SQL transport

> Consider using SQL transport if an existing application already uses a SQL Server-compatible data store and the system requires high transactional consistency between message and business data operations and very high message throughput or performance is less not required. SQL transport can be a good stepping-stone when introducing messaging into an existing system without the introduction of new infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using SQL transport if an existing application already uses a SQL Server-compatible data store and the system requires high transactional consistency between message and business data operations and very high message throughput or performance is less important. SQL transport can be a good stepping-stone when introducing messaging into an existing system without the introduction of new infrastructure.
```
